All three of these scenarios could be helped by
using functions instead of just blocks of code.
Functions let you easily reuse code.
So if you put this block of addition code into one big addition function,
you could use it over and over again to add up your expenses.
Functions also organize and group together lines of code to perform a specific task,
like rating a restaurant.
So without knowing the details of your friends code,
they could share it with you and you can use
it by referring to the name of their function,
similar to how we use println.
Lastly, functions make code more maintainable.
So in this case, if you organize this code into one alarm function,
you would just need to change the mistake in one place,
in the one function and not in all the separate clocks it's been used in.